# Meeting 4 - December 1st Update

## Agenda

- Review progress made on the website
- Questions about expectations for beta checkpoint - is this supposed to be a fully fleshed out and functional app or is it okay to have a running version with some functionality still yet to be implemented?
- Feedback?

## Progress
- Fixed bugs related to account logins
- Updated UI on forms page

## Issues
- Still working on getting the form to send to members 
